gentlemen and welcome to point g and this
Thursday I have the first part of the
new details of fifa 13 the week
last and today broadcast a webcast with
the producers of fifa 13 nick cannon and
ironman garden showing exclusively
the most significant changes that
will have fifa 3
the transmission lasted just over 90
minutes focusing on five points very
Interesting
the first is based on the intelligence of
attac in some of the points that
they emphasized that now the players at
deploy a backlash or attack
dangerous the player who does not have the
The ball will always seek to remain in a
site in a natural way without running
straight line either decreasing the
speed or opening to the band or
finding the best position for
finish the play without falling off of
place also the forwards will create and
will move to spaces either to pull
the brand and allow the partner to have
best shot opportunity or open
the space to receive the ball
another of the changes is that now the
front and middle can move
behind the defenses to give you better
opportunity to the past
also naturally the players
will move including the play either
opening to a better position or
running without bad
an example is that in an attack the
lateral rise following the move that
flows on the other side knowing that your
band is free and thus be able to receive the
ball
It is important to mention that not all
players will be able to do all this since
depends on the attributes that have another of
the things that you are thinking is that
when the player is tired he can not
execute some of the changes
mentioned on the other hand although it seems
that the intelligence of the strikers
be superior does not mean that the
defense was left without change to the contrary
the defenses will think in a way that
must cover your area or any
movement that applies the front the
developers claim that the key to
game is the balance between the defensive and
the offensive the second point is
completely bling now when facing
the defenses the dribbles on fifa street
will be more intuitive with 360 degrees of
mobility and 360 degrees to face
giving better control to the player and
avoiding so much combination of buttons
on the other hand thanks to this movement
we can protect the ball with better
posture and in turn depending on the
circumstances come out with better control
of the balloon finally is the precision
thanks to the street ball control a fitur
end of street that allows you to have a
better control of the ball in fifa 13
so that it feels like an improvement
of ball control offering more
freedom and creativity to double the
opponent with this we finished the first
part tomorrow I'll talk about the prestige
control player impact and tactics at free
kicks I'm mario lush and the super
tomorrow here in general point